Expand integration tests guide (Driver, Starter API, waiting) and add changelog (#2127)
JetBrains/intellij-sdk-docs: topics/basics/testing_plugins/integration_tests/integration_tests_intro.md

* Why a built plugin distribution is required.
* The origin of certain test-specific exceptions.

## Debugging the Test

> If the `debugger.auto.attach.from.console` registry key is enabled (open <ui-path>Help | Find Action</ui-path> and search for Registry),

> > the test can be run under the debugger in IntelliJ IDEA, and attachment happens automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To attach the debugger from the console to the test IDE instance automatically, enable the `debugger.auto.attach.from.console` registry key (open <ui-path>Help | Find Action</ui-path> and search for <control>Registry</control>).
```
Make sure I understood it correctly.

>
{style="tip"}

Since the IDE runs as a separate process from the test, the test cannot be debugged directly.

> To debug a test, connect remotely to the IDE instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the IDE runs as a separate process from the test, the test cannot be debugged directly.
To debug a test, it is required to attach the debugger to the running IDE process.
```

General debugging workflow:

1. Run the test in debug mode.

> 2. In the console, click the <control>Attach debugger</control> link that appears once the IDE starts listening for a debugger connection.

Reviewer: Can you clarify what the _console_ is? Is it the **Console** tab in the **Debug** tool window? If so, I would write it explicitly.

Author: Yes, it is! Fixed.

## Modifying VM Options

The VM options of the IDE under test (such as heap size or system properties) can be adjusted from the test.

> VM options can be applied at two levels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VM options of the IDE under test (such as heap size or system properties) can be adjusted from the test at two levels:
```

* Why a built plugin distribution is required.
* The origin of certain test-specific exceptions.

## Debugging the Test

> > If the `debugger.auto.attach.from.console` registry key is enabled,

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a link how to change registry?

Author: I couldn't find a dedicated page on changing the Registry in the JetBrains docs, so I added an inline hint instead: open it via Help | Find Action and search for "Registry".

> the test can be run under the debugger in IntelliJ IDEA, and attachment happens automatically.
>
{style="tip"}

Since the IDE runs as a separate process from the test, the test cannot be debugged directly.
To debug a test, connect remotely to the IDE instance.

General debugging workflow:

1. Create a run configuration for <control>Remote JVM Debug</control>:
  - <control>Debugger mode</control>: <control>Attach to Remote JVM</control>
  - <control>Host</control>: `localhost`
  - <control>Port</control>: `5005`
  - <control>Command line arguments for remote JVM</control>: `-agentlib:jdwp=transport=dt_socket,server=y,suspend=n,address=*:5005`
2. Run the test.

> 3. The required option will be added automatically.

Reviewer 2: What does it mean - " The required option will be added automatically"? Why it's a separate step and "run the created run configuration" is not.
As I remember we also need to run the test in debug mode not just run it.

Author: You're right, it's unclear. It came straight from the Starter README. Can you confirm the actual flow? My guess:

1. Create a Remote JVM Debug config (Attach to Remote JVM, localhost:5005).
2. Run the test in debug mode.
3. Once the console shows the prompt for port 5005, run that config to attach.

Reviewer 2: Yes, this is correct!

Reviewer 2: Yes, it's the correct flow! The only thing that needs to be checked, probably there is some link in console which you can click so there is no need for the configuration (I honestly don't remember).

Author: You're right! There's an "Attach debugger" link in the console, so I replaced the manual config steps with clicking it.

After seeing the console prompt to connect remotely to port 5005, run the created run configuration.

## Modifying VM Options

> The IDE under test runs as a separate JVM process, and its startup flags (heap size, system properties, and other JVM options) can be adjusted from the test.

Reviewer 2: "startup flags" sounds a bit odd. 
"heap size" - is also a VM option. 

So maybe just "JVM options"?

Author: Done, changed to "VM options".

> The IDE under test runs as a separate JVM process, and its startup flags (heap size, system properties, and other JVM options) can be adjusted from the test.

Reviewer 2: In `Debugging the Test` we have `Since the IDE runs as a separate process from the test` and also the same fact in `Two-Process Architecture` section. Do we need to repeat ourselves 3 times?

Author: Yes, removed the repeated line.

VM options can be applied at two levels:

* `IDETestContext.applyVMOptionsPatch()` applies them to the whole context, so they are reused across every run of that context.
* `IDERunContext.addVMOptionsPatch()` applies them to the current run only.

The patch block exposes a `VMOptions` receiver with helpers such as `withXmx()` and `addSystemProperty()`:

```kotlin
context.applyVMOptionsPatch {
  withXmx(2048)
  addSystemProperty("idea.trust.all.projects", true)
  addSystemProperty("ide.show.tips.on.startup.default.value", false)
}
```

> * `withXmx(2048)` sets the maximum heap size to 2048 MB (`-Xmx2048m`), giving the IDE enough memory to open large projects.

Reviewer 2: This explanation is not needed, this line is self-explanatory.

This extensibility pattern can be applied to customize other aspects of the Starter framework as needed.

> For finer-grained control, a test reports errors via

Reviewer 2: This part just confuses and don't explain anything. 

Besides, "also registered via DI" - here "also" is what?

Author: Removed the whole paragraph.
